What's the matter with Linger?
Chen Ze, you have to pull out my grandfather's ashes
He asked me to go to his house to find him
Linger, don't be afraid
I'll go with you.
Bring back your grandfather's ashes
This is afraid of a red beauty
I'm afraid there is a marriage proposal.
Don't worry.
You can't get in if you go to get wild money.
Hello poor master
Get me another car. I'm going on a night vacation
Night break boss, what happened to you?
This is for poaching.
Grandpa Ning'er won't be in danger anymore
Don't worry, boss, I'll bring my brother here now.
If I don't get one of them back five times, I'll kill them
Don't be impulsive
When I come over, let's work overtime together
Prop 102 is here
I knew he would come
Let him in!
And surprise
Chen Tianze, you are here too
Ok brother Ye
Why did you put my grandfather's ashes in a flower pot?
You are so wicked.
The place is dirty and dirty
I kindly moved him to another place
Don't tell me one day I'm in a good mood
Take your grandfather and plant a flower or something
Hahaha, return my grandfather's ashes to me.
Is this a begging attitude?
Kneel down and crawl over to beg me
Or I'll throw your grandfather into the gutter
Ha ha.